Sync core analysis results files to S3 (#292)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-downstream-analyses: README.md

    - Clustering that was performed within the workflow

See the [expected output section](#expected-output) for more information on these output files.

> You can also download a ZIP file with examples of the summary HTML report and processed `SingleCellExperiment` objects stored as RDS files [here](https://scpca-references.s3.amazonaws.com/example-data/scpca-downstream-analyses/example_results.jpg).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also download a ZIP file with an example of the output from running the core workflow, including the summary HTML report and processed `SingleCellExperiment` objects stored as RDS files [here](https://scpca-references.s3.amazonaws.com/example-data/scpca-downstream-analyses/core_example_results.zip).
```
Just a minor rewording suggestion, and renaming the file accordingly based on my comment in the actual script.

The `<library_id>_processed_sce.rds` file is the [RDS file](https://rstudio-education.github.io/hopr/dataio.html#saving-r-files) that contains the final processed `SingleCellExperiment` object (which contains the filtered, normalized data and clustering results).

> You can also download a ZIP file with examples of the summary HTML report and processed `SingleCellExperiment` objects stored as RDS files [here](https://scpca-references.s3.amazonaws.com/example-data/scpca-downstream-analyses/example_results.jpg).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also download a ZIP file with an example of the output from running the core workflow, including the summary HTML report and processed `SingleCellExperiment` objects stored as RDS files [here](https://scpca-references.s3.amazonaws.com/example-data/scpca-downstream-analyses/core_example_results.zip).
```
